hi everyone with you i mihail site review
sergeyua
I remind you that this lesson comes out at
support of scientific and production
combining the harmony of the leader in vacuum
on plasma technology them separate
thank you and we are in today's lesson
consider creating some clothes for
character in a static state
use tissue system and deformer
Amy for simulating tissue movement
let's create a new document
keyboard shortcut n add to
our character scene combine data
firing polygons connect firing plus share
immediately lengthen the time of our track to 500
de activate until harper nurbs
let's switch to the polygons mode and
our task is to
to produce
selection of polygons we need in the form
T-shirts
you can do this by holding the key
shift
in such a way, so as not to waste
the time of the lesson is now in Russia and I will show
ready selected result that's what
it came out to me like this
I made the selection necessary
T-shirt segments are ready now
mouse from scratch let's do
here so we choose the split command now
as you can see we have added
another selected area
we can see it as follows
let's rename
Now create a new material to
our shirt was more noticeably let
it will be such a color apply it and
now with the shirts highlighted while holding
shift key add surprise deform them
in the deformer and point to our character
working surprise deformer am need not
forget to press the key and lower yutsa
now one more moment holding our
shirt key alto 7 lite class
Claude judge vision set to 0 from
thickness at 1 that's what we got
so we got static
an object
which when the character moves will
follow them now let's
turn our t-shirt into a dress
and try to make the bottom
part was moving for this
we deactivate while claude lick we will allocate
the shirt go from the shemtie combination
keys yl.
club selection let's highlight this club
gave our object
and pull out
for example somewhere like that
our pay is ready
Now with a combination of shirts
mt keys
let's take it like this
and make some cuts
since for any simulation always
need to have a good grid now
We go to the properties of a surprise floor and infinite
change to box reduce its example where
here so here we put shelves to zero
and let's move the plot reduce where
somewhere so move it up and of course
do not forget to press and do not chew now
let's add our dress claude so
if you click play the dress now
just drop such a moment us not
satisfied so let's add
our dress is also build so
and in it we will point to our character
now you need to set points
which will be controlled by belt these
dots must be inside our yellow
boxing
with the shirts highlighted , press
keyboard shortcut you will look selection
and choose this one, here we go now
select fil selection and point to
top part
holding the shift key converts it
in point selection
and in the settings of our build, press z
after these actions our dedicated
dots on shine forth we turn
surprise again do not forget to press the key
and lost change a little gravity in
claude so set it around -02
and now if we press play the
the effect of the fabric will only be affected
our lower dress area
And in this case, if we move
our object is that fabric in the same way
follows him
the way
I hope all actions are clear and everyone
can subsequently apply them himself for
own needs
let's stop this lesson i will
finish and remind you that he comes out with
support of scientific and production
combining the harmony of the leader in vacuum
on plasma technology them separate
thank you and good luck to you all
own projects follow our
updates and stay with network overview
and